[IMP] iot: refactor and update configuration documentation (#11518)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/iot/connect.rst

=============================
IoT system connection to Odoo
=============================

Prerequisites
=============

To connect the IoT system to an Odoo database, the following prerequisites must be met:

> - The Odoo database must be a **production** instance.

Reviewer: in practice it is untrue, but indeed they might run into issues with duplicate/staging (especially with HTTPS)

- The IoT app must be installed.
- The IoT system must be connected to the network.
- The computer connecting to Odoo must be on the same network as the IoT system.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`iot_box`

>    - :doc:`windows_iot`

Reviewer: change the indentation if this part is related to previous list last bullet point ?

     <iot/windows_iot/restart>` to display the pairing code again. Alternatively, connect the IoT
     system to the database using a :ref:`connection token <iot/connect/token>`.
   - The pairing code is not displayed if the IoT system is already connected to a database (e.g.,
     a test database).

#. Retrieve the IoT's system pairing code:

   .. tabs::

      .. group-tab:: IoT box

         Connect the IoT box to an external monitor or printer. If the IoT box was already plugged
         prior to this, reboot it by unplugging it for a few seconds and replugging it.

         - External monitor: The pairing code should be displayed on the screen a few minutes after
           rebooting the IoT box.
         - Printer: The pairing code should be printed automatically.

         .. tip::
            If no external monitor or printer is connected to the IoT box, access the :ref:`IoT
            box's homepage <iot/iot-box/homepage>`; the code is displayed in the :guilabel:`Pairing
            Code` section.

      .. group-tab:: Windows virtual IoT

         On the computer with the Windows virtual IoT installed, open the IoT system's homepage

>          in a web browser by navigating to the URL `http://localhost:8069`. Then, scroll to the

Reviewer: use an URL ?

---------------------------------------------------------------

The IoT system might take a few minutes to restart when it connects to a database. If it still does
not appear after a few minutes:

- Verify that the IoT system can reach the database and the server does not use a multi-database
  environment.
- Reboot the IoT box or :ref:`restart the Windows virtual IoT service <iot/windows_iot/restart>`.

The IoT box is connected to the Odoo database but cannot be reached
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Verify that the IoT system and the computer running the Odoo database are connected to the same
network.

The Windows virtual IoT's homepage cannot be accessed from another device
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Check the :ref:`iot/windows-iot/firewall`.

The IoT system is disconnected from the database after an Odoo upgrade
----------------------------------------------------------------------

:ref:`Update the IoT system's image <iot/updating_iot/image-code>` by flashing the IoT box's card or
:ref:`uninstalling the Windows virtual IoT program <iot/windows_iot/uninstall>` and

> :ref:`reinstalling <iot/windows-iot/installation>` the latest package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`reinstalling <iot/windows-iot/installation>` the latest release of the same version as your Odoo database.
```
! can be ambigious and migh thave customers installing version 18 iot box with 17 odoo database
